# 12 January 2023

* Today
   * Try to move pacman
   * Change logic
   
18:00 val et dahoum

* Today
  * See the challenges around moving PacMan `in progress`
  * We created Initiation Section/ Logic `done`
  * We placed PacMan on the right starting position `done`
* Backlog
  * Game Loop `val`
  * Follow the array for the movement of the PacMan and Ghosts `val`
  * w/ the array you can also clip the image for every element if you decide to go that way `val`
* Mantra
  * Goal, we do not need the DOs we need the skills convincingly visible in you.
    * If you do not understand something, take your time, until you understand it.
    * Do not look for any PacMan code! You should write it all ;) This is the goal ;) `agreed` since 24 December 2022
    * Seek the knowledge how to do it, not solutions `val` since 3 January 2023
    * Archive and Keep Notes, since 3 January 2023 Delete what you have archvided, since 12 January 2022 `val`
    * Never self-incriminate. Do not apologise. Begin w/ the successes.
    * Do not do useless things. Do only what brings you forward.
    * Either do one thing to the end or to a meaningful milestone before switching to something else.
    * Do not make regressions (remove code) because you do not know how to advance (except in a branch), since 12 January 2023
* Val
  * +
    * It is good that when you have several ideas, you implement them and demonstrate them instead of getting stuck `dahoum` since 3 January 2023
PacMan
  * https://dahoum.wales/the-pacman-as-a-nursery-32ba07b282b1
* Infrastructure
  * GitHub `done`
    * https://github.com/valentinamaximova/PacMan
  * Netlify `done`
    * https://pacman-val.netlify.app
* Architecture
  * We will use the sprite sheet vs individual images, because it is the classic approach and you will learn more about image processing and management this way `dahoum`
